Add Touhosu to wiki (#21)
Rurusetto/rurusetto: content/posts/osu-diva/index.md

title: "osu!DIVA"
img: "osu-diva-logo.png"
date: 2021-04-04

> summary: "Recreate Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA as a custom mode for osu!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: "A recreation of Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA as a custom mode for osu!"
```
